Update install commands (#281)
pyansys/pydpf-post: docs/source/getting_started/install.rst

Install using ``pip``
---------------------

The standard package installer for Python is `pip <https://pypi.org/project/pip/>`_.

To use PyDPF-Post with Ansys 2021 R1 or later, install the latest version
with this command:

> .. code::
> 
>    pip install ansys-dpf-post

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code:: bash

   pip install ansys-dpf-post
```

> PyDPF-Post plotting capabilities require to have `PyVista <https://pyvista.org/>`_ installed.
> To install PyDPF-Post with its optional plotting functionalities, use:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PyDPF-Post plotting capabilities require an installation of `PyVista <https://pyvista.org/>`_.
To install PyDPF-Post with its optional plotting functionalities, use this command:
```

> .. code::
>    pip install ansys-dpf-post[plotting]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code:: bash

   pip install ansys-dpf-post[plotting]
```

For more information about PyDPF-Post plotting capabilities, see :ref:`_user_guide_plotting`.

Install without internet
------------------------

If you are unable to install PyDPF-Post on the host machine using ``pip`` due to

> network isolation, download the wheelhouse corresponding to your platform and Python interpreter version
> for the latest release of PyDPF-Post from the assets section of the `latest PyDPF-Post release on GitHub <https://github.com/pyansys/pydpf-post/releases/latest>`_. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
network isolation, you can download the wheelhouse corresponding to your platform
and Python interpreter version. To obtain the latest release, go to the **Assets** section
for the `latest PyDPF-Post release <https://github.com/pyansys/pydpf-post/releases/latest>`_
 on GitHub. 
```

The wheelhouse is a ZIP file containing Python wheels for all the packages PyDPF-Post requires to run.

> To install PyDPF-Post using the downloaded wheelhouse, unzip the wheelhouse to a local directory,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install PyDPF-Post using the downloaded wheelhouse, unzip the wheelhouse to a local directory and
```

> To install PyDPF-Post using the downloaded wheelhouse, unzip the wheelhouse to a local directory,
> then use the following command from within this local directory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install PyDPF-Post using the downloaded wheelhouse, unzip the wheelhouse to a local directory
and then use the following command from within this local directory:
```

> then use the following command from within this local directory:
> .. code::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then use the following command from within this local directory:

.. code:: bash
```

   pip install --no-index --find-links=. ansys-dpf-post

Beware that PyDPF-Post wheelhouses do not include the optional plotting dependencies.

> To allow for plotting capabilities, also download the wheel corresponding to your platform and Python interpreter version
> for `PyVista <https://pypi.org/project/pyvista/#files>`_, then place it in the same previous local directory and run the command above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To allow for plotting capabilities, also download the `PyVista wheel <https://pypi.org/project/pyvista/#files>`_
corresponding to your platform and Python interpreter version and unzip it to the same local
directory before running the preceding command again.
```
@germa89 Is the "corresponding to your platform and Python interpreter version" necessary here? When I go to the linked PyVisata page, I see only one wheel file.

Author: @PipKat You are right, this may not be necessary, I will remove it.
```suggestion
To allow for plotting capabilities, also download the `PyVista wheel <https://pypi.org/project/pyvista/#files>`_
and unzip it to the same local directory before running the preceding command again.
```

development flag:

.. include:: ../pydpf-post_clone_install.rst

Check the installation
----------------------

Run the following Python code to verify your PyDPF-Post installation:

> .. code::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. code:: bash

```
